JavaScript SEP-0010 Client Reference Implementation (#101)
tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties: bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Client Reference Implementation

## Award
| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-

> | 800 XLM | 800 XLM | Capped (3)

Reviewer: I think it should be more for both parties. The result of this bounty could end up being used by many readers of the SEP so it should be solid and being put up with the right effort. There are many conditions in the SEP that need to be a) implemented and b) thoroughly reviewed.

Author: Agreed. Still not sure what a good award amount would be, though.

> [//]: # (make sure to replace the file-name placeholders `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_NO_EXTENSION` and `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_WITH_EXTENSION` in the next two lines with the actual bounty filename)
> 📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3A%3Csep10-javascript-client%3E) for this bounty. \
> 🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-%3C2%3E/%3Csep10-javascript-client.md%3E) this bounty.

Reviewer: The `<` and `>` around the placeholder need to as well. I'll fix the template (#102) as it is not obvious in the current state.

```suggestion
[//]: # (make sure to replace the file-name placeholders `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_NO_EXTENSION` and `BOUNTY_FILE_NAME_WITH_EXTENSION` in the next two lines with the actual bounty filename)
📜&nbsp; View [existing submissions](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues?q=is%3Aissue+label%3Asep10-javascript-client) for this bounty. \
🔵&nbsp; Start [hunting](https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/issues/new?assignees=&labels=&template=begin-the-hunt.yml&link=https://github.com/tyvdh/stellar-quest-bounties/blob/main/bounties/level-2/sep10-javascript-client.md) this bounty.
```

they are expected to send/receive, as well as how clients should interact with
those servers to authenticate to the network for purposes of establishing a
session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional client-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the client in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When used, this implementation should successfully receive valid a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a SEP-0010 server.

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript and HTTP request methods.
They should feel comfortable interacting with servers through GET/POST requests.

### What are the deliverables?

#### Submission Procedure

  - The bounty hunter will submit a GitHub repository containing their SEP-0100
    client.

#### Review Criteria

>   - Reviewers will attempt to receive a valid JWT from the Stellar Test Anchor.

Reviewer: maybe worth noting that both kinds of token (with and without client-home domain) need to be checked

# JavaScript SEP-0010 Client Reference Implementation

## Award
| Hunter | Reviewer | Type
| :- | :- | :-

> | 1500 XLM | 1000 XLM | Capped (3)

Reviewer 2: This will be pretty easy from a frontend perspective. It's just consuming an API endpoint, there isn't really much going on from a client side perspective. For this reason I'd say let's put this bounty at 1200 XLM Hunter and 800 XLM Reviewer.

SEP-0010 is one such SEP which dictates how Stellar web authentication is to be
done. The SEP includes instructions on how servers should be developed, what
they are expected to send/receive, as well as how clients should interact with
those servers to authenticate to the network for purposes of establishing a
session for the user.

In order for developers to make use of these SEPs, many of them contain
"Reference Implementations," indicating what a *vanilla* example of the SEP
functioning in the real world might look like.

Your task, should you choose to accept it, is to build, document, and make
publicly available a fully-functional client-side application, written in
JavaScript, that fills the role of the client in the SEP-0010 authentication
flow.

When used, this implementation should successfully receive valid a **J**SON
**W**eb **T**oken (**JWT**) after authenticating with a SEP-0010 server.

### What are the requirements for the bounty hunter?

The bounty hunter should be familiar with JavaScript and HTTP request methods.
They should feel comfortable interacting with servers through GET/POST requests.

### What are the deliverables?

#### Submission Procedure

>   - The bounty hunter will submit a GitHub repository containing their SEP-0100

Reviewer 2: There should also be a live functioning website somewhere to interact with. Makes reviewing much simpler and straight forward and hosting websites these days is infinitely easy and free.

>   - The bounty hunter will submit a GitHub repository containing their SEP-0100

Reviewer 2: Let's also link the SEP-0010 spec here. Also ensure you're saying SEP-0010 not SEP-0100 😋
